FD 1.17.0: Documentation other than the release notes (#135)
mulesoft/docs-design-center: modules/ROOT/pages/promote-app-prod-env-design-center.adoc

All Mule applications that you create with Flow Designer are created in the Design environment. When a Mule application that you've created is ready to go live, you can deploy it to another environment, if your organization allows you to do so. The target environment must have enough vCores to accommodate the application; otherwise, deployment will fail.

> As you deploy your application, you can change connector configurations and connections. You need to do this if there are differences between the testing and target environments that would necessitate such changes. For example, if you tested your app in the *Sandbox* environment and now want to deploy it to a production environment, you most likely need to replace the connections that each connector used for connecting to test systems with connections for connecting to production systems.

Reviewer: Are you sure you do not mean "tested your app in the *Design* environment"?
Maybe you are referring to 2 different "Deploy Application" instances, one to Sandbox and the other to Production.

Author: Yes, testing in the Design environment be clicking the Test button in FD is one way of testing. Another is deploying to Sandbox. I'm referring to the second method of testing.

> After you deploy your application, the values for all of its properties are secured in Runtime Manager in the *Properties* section of the *Settings* page for the application. To see the list of an application's properties in Runtime Manager, click *Applications*, select the application, click *Settings*, and click *Properties*.

Reviewer: I think we can specify a bit the fact that property names are shown and property values are hidden in that view.
Maybe we can also reference the CH docs on this
https://docs.mulesoft.com/runtime-manager/secure-application-properties

Author: I think it's obvious that the names of the properties appear. Otherwise, how would users know whether the right values are secure?
However, I have added a link to that CH file that you mentioned.

== To Deploy a Mule App from Flow Designer
. Click the arrow in the top-right corner of Flow Designer and then select *Deploy application*.
+
.The *Deploy application* option appears in this menu.
image::fd-deploy-option.png[The location of the Deploy application option]
<1> Click the arrow.
<2> Select the option.

> . Select the CloudHub environment to deploy the application to.

Reviewer: I think Cloudhub is a name that is not meant to be used in the UI. I believe the UI name of the product is Runtime Manager.

Author: However, the way all of the MuleSoft documentation describes it, environments are in CloudHub. The Runtime Manager documentation talks about managing things that are in CloudHub environments.

. Accept the default name for the deployed application or enter a new one.

> . If you want to change the way that any of the connectors in your application connect to systems, click *Advanced* to see a list of the configurations that the connectors in your application are using. Select a configuration on the left to edit it.

Reviewer: I think we should clarify here that this modifications only apply to the scope of the "Deploy Application" feature, meaning that the user is not modifying the actual project configurations while doing this. The user is merely overwriting them for the sole purpose of the deployment.

Author: If I create a connection for a configuration while I am deploying an app, does that connection not appear in my project?

Author: Resolved in Slack

> As you deploy your application, you can change connector configurations and reconnection strategies. You need to do this if there are differences between the Design and target environments that would necessitate such changes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As you deploy your application, you can change connector configurations and reconnection strategies. You must do this if there are differences between the design environment and the target environment that would necessitate such changes.
```

After you deploy your application, the values for all of its properties are secured in Runtime Manager in the *Properties* section of the *Settings* page for the application. To see the list of an application's properties in Runtime Manager, click *Applications*, select the application, click *Settings*, and click *Properties*.

== To Deploy a Mule App from Flow Designer

> . Click the arrow in the top-right corner of Flow Designer and then select *Deploy application*.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Click the arrow in the top-right corner of Flow Designer and then select *Deploy application*:
```

+
.The *Deploy application* option appears in this menu.
image::fd-deploy-option.png[The location of the Deploy application option]
<1> Click the arrow.
<2> Select the option.

. Select the CloudHub environment to deploy the application to.
. Accept the default name for the deployed application or enter a new one.

> . If you want to change the way that any of the connectors in your application connect to systems, click *Advanced* to see a list of the configurations that the connectors in your application are using. Select a configuration on the left to edit it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. If you want to change the way that any of the connectors in your application connect to systems, click *Advanced* to see a list of the configurations that the connectors in your application are using. 
Select a configuration on the left to edit it.
```
